hello to all here so today I have
decided to make my first video I
would like to launch my youtube channel
so this is a novelty for me I
never did that before
I love to tinker with many things I have
a lot of ideas a lot of imagination
and I said to myself it serves me yes but I
never do anything with finally very
concrete after I do a lot of things
for the world in three games for my
loved ones for my family for all the
world and I thought to myself but why
not share all my ideas with
other people and why not to
find people who are interested in
same things as me my principle is fine
to be giving you a lot of ideas from
things to do with a little kid
budget almost without spending 0
euros so that's because it's
again for me I'm going to try two
three things to start then me my
idea was to present an idea
video b suddenly it would be of
little videos but you could
watch very often more often
that a video where every two weeks
all this is so I will try to me
hold on and we'll see what's going on
So today is the first gift
we're going to realize it's going to be a
calendar
you see the calendar we buy
all very expensive for christmas finally rihanna
cheaper too but it's good
an investment instead of throwing it away
because after Christmas it is used could
finally like now I do not heat and
it's over we'll get it back and we'll
use it to make a new
calendar that we will use for good
other things than chocolate master
in and you 'll see that with a
empty advent calendar we can do
a lot of very nice things for
in the end get a nice gift that makes
very pleasure